readme.adoc, before:

= Data Formats

The Data for the app has 2 requirements, defined as follows

== Teams

The teams format is:
[source,yaml,indent=0]
----
me: FALLSIA
start_time: '19:30'
teams:
  SLOAN:
    name: Sloan Street
    location: 37 Sloan St, Lisburn BT27 5AN
    start_time: '20:15'
----

[horizontal]
`me`:: refers to which is "my team" from the list of teams included.
`start_time`:: is the default start time for matches in this league
- optional, if not provided, every match must include a start time

each `team` entry then has the following values

[horizontal]
`KEY`:: is the keyname used to select this team in the matches list. Under each KEY are the full team details +
`name`:: Full Name of the team +
`location`:: Address in google maps for the team
`start_time`:: If this team starts home matches at a time that is different the normal league start time, then add that. For home matches for this team this time will be used

== Matches

[source,yaml,indent=0]
----
duration: 3
matches:
- away: BROOM
  date: '2018-10-01'
  our_score: 2
  opp_score: 5
----

Fairly simple structure

[horizontal]
`home` or `away`:: againt which team. Team is a KEY to data within the Team data.
`date`:: date of match
`score`:: our score and opponents score

There are additional optional entries available: +
[horizontal]
`label`:: An optional label for the match description, e.g. "Devine Cup" +
`newdate`:: If a match date is changed, then add the new date. Keeping the original date means that the `ICS` unique key remains the same and the match is moved within the calendar rather than duplicated.
- Additionally, if a match is to be re-arranged, but no date has been set then `newdate` can be left empty. In this case, the match will not be added to the calendar.
`newtime`:: If a match time is changed, then add the new time.  NOTE that `newtime` will only be used if `newdate` is also used.

Commit message:

readme updated to detail where to store team data

readme.adoc, after:

= Data Formats

The Data for the app has 2 requirements, defined as follows

== Teams

There should be a specific `team` file for each team being used. This file should be in the specfic `team` folder, e.g. `stcolmans`
NOTE: all `fallsoutdoor` teams share one single `fallsoutdoor` teams file.

The teams format is:
[source,yaml,indent=0]
----
me: FALLSIA
start_time: '19:30'
teams:
  SLOAN:
    name: Sloan Street
    location: 37 Sloan St, Lisburn BT27 5AN
    start_time: '20:15'
----

[horizontal]
`me`:: refers to which is "my team" from the list of teams included.
`start_time`:: is the default start time for matches in this league
- optional, if not provided, every match must include a start time

each `team` entry then has the following values

[horizontal]
`KEY`:: is the keyname used to select this team in the matches list. Under each KEY are the full team details +
`name`:: Full Name of the team +
`location`:: Address in google maps for the team
`start_time`:: If this team starts home matches at a time that is different the normal league start time, then add that. For home matches for this team this time will be used

== Matches

[source,yaml,indent=0]
----
duration: 3
matches:
- away: BROOM
  date: '2018-10-01'
  our_score: 2
  opp_score: 5
----

Fairly simple structure

[horizontal]
`home` or `away`:: againt which team. Team is a KEY to data within the Team data.
`date`:: date of match
`score`:: our score and opponents score

There are additional optional entries available: +
[horizontal]
`label`:: An optional label for the match description, e.g. "Devine Cup" +
`newdate`:: If a match date is changed, then add the new date. Keeping the original date means that the `ICS` unique key remains the same and the match is moved within the calendar rather than duplicated.
- Additionally, if a match is to be re-arranged, but no date has been set then `newdate` can be left empty. In this case, the match will not be added to the calendar.
`newtime`:: If a match time is changed, then add the new time.  NOTE that `newtime` will only be used if `newdate` is also used.
